c:\users\3ainfo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\Tcc.exe.config
c:\users\3ainfo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\3ainfo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\3ainfo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\3ainfo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\3ainfo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\3ainfo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\3ainfo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.g.resources
c:\users\3ainfo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\3ainfo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\3ainfo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\Tcc.exe
c:\users\3ainfo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\Tcc.pdb
c:\users\3ainfo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\users\3ainfo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\3ainfo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
c:\users\3ainfo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
c:\users\3ainfo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.exe
c:\users\3ainfo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.pdb
c:\users\3ainfo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Login.baml
c:\users\3ainfo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Login.g.cs
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\Tcc.exe.config
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.exe
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.pdb
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\Tcc.exe
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\Tcc.pdb
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Login.baml
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Login.g.cs
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.g.resources
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Design.dll
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.dll
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Fonts.dll
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.frmFuncionarios.resources
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.frmEditAnot.resources
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.frmVerAnot.resources
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Lojas\frmAddLojas.baml
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\SETORES\frmAddSetor.baml
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Lojas\frmAddLojas.g.cs
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\SETORES\frmAddSetor.g.cs
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\VEICULOS\frmAddVeiculo.baml
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\VEICULOS\frmAddVeiculo.g.cs
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\ANOTACOES\frmAdcAnot.baml
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\ANOTACOES\frmAdcAnot.g.cs
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.DOCAS.frmConfigurarDoca.resources
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.Funcionarios.frmConfigurarFuncionario.resources
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.LOJAS.frmConfigurarLoja.resources
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.SETORES.frmConfigurarSetor.resources
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.VEICULOS.frmConfigurarVeiculo.resources
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.DOCAS.frmVerDocas.resources
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.LOJAS.frmVerLojas.resources
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.SETORES.frmVerSetores.resources
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.VEICULOS.frmVerVeiculos.resources
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Funcionarios\frmAdcFunc.baml
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Funcionarios\frmAdcFunc.g.cs
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\Tcc.exe.config
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.exe
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.pdb
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\Tcc.exe
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\Tcc.pdb
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\ANOTACOES\frmAdcAnot.baml
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Funcionarios\frmAdcFunc.baml
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Login.baml
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\LOJAS\frmAddLojas.baml
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\SETORES\frmAddSetor.baml
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\VEICULOS\frmAddVeiculo.baml
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\ANOTACOES\frmAdcAnot.g.cs
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Funcionarios\frmAdcFunc.g.cs
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Login.g.cs
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\LOJAS\frmAddLojas.g.cs
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\SETORES\frmAddSetor.g.cs
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\VEICULOS\frmAddVeiculo.g.cs
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.g.resources
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.frmEditAnot.resources
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.frmVerAnot.resources
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.DOCAS.frmConfigurarDoca.resources
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.DOCAS.frmVerDocas.resources
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.Funcionarios.frmConfigurarFuncionario.resources
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.frmFuncionarios.resources
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.LOJAS.frmConfigurarLoja.resources
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.LOJAS.frmVerLojas.resources
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.SETORES.frmConfigurarSetor.resources
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.SETORES.frmVerSetores.resources
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.VEICULOS.frmConfigurarVeiculo.resources
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.VEICULOS.frmVerVeiculos.resources
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\Tcc.exe.config
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.exe
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.pdb
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\Tcc.exe
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\Tcc.pdb
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\ANOTACOES\frmAdcAnot.baml
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Funcionarios\frmAdcFunc.baml
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Login.baml
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\SETORES\frmAddSetor.baml
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\VEICULOS\frmAddVeiculo.baml
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\ANOTACOES\frmAdcAnot.g.cs
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Funcionarios\frmAdcFunc.g.cs
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Login.g.cs
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\SETORES\frmAddSetor.g.cs
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\VEICULOS\frmAddVeiculo.g.cs
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.g.resources
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.frmEditAnot.resources
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.DOCAS.frmConfigurarDoca.resources
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.DOCAS.frmVerDocas.resources
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.Funcionarios.frmConfigurarFuncionario.resources
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.frmFuncionarios.resources
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.LOJAS.frmConfigurarLoja.resources
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.LOJAS.frmVerLojas.resources
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.SETORES.frmConfigurarSetor.resources
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.SETORES.frmVerSetores.resources
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.VEICULOS.frmConfigurarVeiculo.resources
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.VEICULOS.frmVerVeiculos.resources
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\DOCAS\AddDocas.baml
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\DOCAS\AddDocas.g.cs
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Controls.dll
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.dll
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.dll
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.dll
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.dll
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.dll
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Vision.dll
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.xml
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Controls.xml
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.xml
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.xml
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.xml
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.xml
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Vision.xml
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\DOCAS\AddDocas.baml
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\DOCAS\AddDocas.g.cs
C:\Users\Davi\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.SEGURANCA.Cameras.resources
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\DOCAS\AddDocas.baml
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\DOCAS\AddDocas.g.cs
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.SEGURANCA.Cameras.resources
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Controls.dll
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.dll
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.dll
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.dll
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.dll
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.dll
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Vision.dll
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.xml
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Controls.xml
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.xml
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.xml
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.xml
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.xml
C:\Users\Meu\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Vision.xml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\Tcc.exe.config
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.exe
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.pdb
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\ANOTACOES\frmAdcAnot.baml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\DOCAS\AddDocas.baml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Funcionarios\frmAdcFunc.baml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Login.baml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\SETORES\frmAddSetor.baml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\VEICULOS\frmAddVeiculo.baml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\ANOTACOES\frmAdcAnot.g.cs
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\DOCAS\AddDocas.g.cs
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Funcionarios\frmAdcFunc.g.cs
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Login.g.cs
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\SETORES\frmAddSetor.g.cs
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\VEICULOS\frmAddVeiculo.g.cs
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.g.resources
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.frmEditAnot.resources
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.DOCAS.frmConfigurarDoca.resources
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.DOCAS.frmVerDocas.resources
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.Funcionarios.frmConfigurarFuncionario.resources
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.frmFuncionarios.resources
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.LOJAS.frmConfigurarLoja.resources
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.LOJAS.frmVerLojas.resources
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.SEGURANCA.Cameras.resources
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.SETORES.frmConfigurarSetor.resources
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.SETORES.frmVerSetores.resources
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.VEICULOS.frmConfigurarVeiculo.resources
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.VEICULOS.frmVerVeiculos.resources
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\Tcc.exe
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\Tcc.pdb
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Controls.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Vision.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.xml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Controls.xml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.xml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.xml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.xml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.xml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Vision.xml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\Tcc.exe.config
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.exe
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.pdb
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\Tcc.exe
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\Tcc.pdb
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Controls.dll
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.dll
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.dll
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.dll
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.dll
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.dll
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Vision.dll
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.xml
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Controls.xml
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.xml
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.xml
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.xml
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.xml
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Vision.xml
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\ANOTACOES\frmAdcAnot.baml
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\DOCAS\AddDocas.baml
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Funcionarios\frmAdcFunc.baml
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Login.baml
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\LOJAS\frmAddLojas.baml
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\SETORES\frmAddSetor.baml
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\VEICULOS\frmAddVeiculo.baml
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\ANOTACOES\frmAdcAnot.g.cs
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\DOCAS\AddDocas.g.cs
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Funcionarios\frmAdcFunc.g.cs
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Login.g.cs
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\LOJAS\frmAddLojas.g.cs
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\SETORES\frmAddSetor.g.cs
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\VEICULOS\frmAddVeiculo.g.cs
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.g.resources
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.frmEditAnot.resources
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.DOCAS.frmConfigurarDoca.resources
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.DOCAS.frmVerDocas.resources
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.Funcionarios.frmConfigurarFuncionario.resources
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.frmFuncionarios.resources
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.LOJAS.frmConfigurarLoja.resources
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.LOJAS.frmVerLojas.resources
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.SEGURANCA.Cameras.resources
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.SETORES.frmConfigurarSetor.resources
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.SETORES.frmVerSetores.resources
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.VEICULOS.frmConfigurarVeiculo.resources
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.VEICULOS.frmVerVeiculos.resources
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Controls.dll
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.dll
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.dll
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.dll
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.dll
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.dll
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Vision.dll
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.xml
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Controls.xml
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.xml
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.xml
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.xml
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.xml
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Vision.xml
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.SEGURANCA.Cameras.resources
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\WpfAppBar.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\MaterialSkin.dll
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\Tcc.exe.config
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.exe
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.pdb
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\Tcc.exe
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\Tcc.pdb
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Controls.dll
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.dll
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.dll
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.dll
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.dll
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.dll
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Vision.dll
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\MaterialSkin.dll
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\WpfAppBar.dll
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.xml
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Controls.xml
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.xml
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.xml
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.xml
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.xml
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Vision.xml
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\ANOTACOES\frmAdcAnot.baml
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\DOCAS\AddDocas.baml
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Funcionarios\frmAdcFunc.baml
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Login.baml
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\LOJAS\frmAddLojas.baml
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\SETORES\frmAddSetor.baml
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\VEICULOS\frmAddVeiculo.baml
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\ANOTACOES\frmAdcAnot.g.cs
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\DOCAS\AddDocas.g.cs
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Funcionarios\frmAdcFunc.g.cs
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Login.g.cs
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\LOJAS\frmAddLojas.g.cs
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\SETORES\frmAddSetor.g.cs
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\VEICULOS\frmAddVeiculo.g.cs
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.g.resources
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.frmEditAnot.resources
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.frmVerAnot.resources
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.DOCAS.frmConfigurarDoca.resources
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.DOCAS.frmVerDocas.resources
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.Funcionarios.frmConfigurarFuncionario.resources
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.frmFuncionarios.resources
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.LOJAS.frmConfigurarLoja.resources
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.LOJAS.frmVerLojas.resources
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.SEGURANCA.Cameras.resources
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.SETORES.frmConfigurarSetor.resources
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.SETORES.frmVerSetores.resources
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.VEICULOS.frmConfigurarVeiculo.resources
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.VEICULOS.frmVerVeiculos.resources
C:\Users\3ainfo\Downloads\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\MaterialSkin.dll
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\WpfAppBar.dll
C:\Users\MeuPt2\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.frmEditarAnot.resources
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.frmEditarAnot.resources
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\MaterialSkin.dll
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\WpfAppBar.dll
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.frmEditarAnot.resources
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\ANOTACOES\frmAlterarAnot.baml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\ANOTACOES\frmAlterarAnot.g.cs
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\DOCAS\frmAlterarDoca.baml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\DOCAS\frmAlterarDoca.g.cs
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\Tcc.exe.config
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.exe
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.pdb
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\Tcc.exe
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\Tcc.pdb
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Controls.dll
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.dll
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.dll
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.dll
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.dll
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.dll
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Vision.dll
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\MaterialSkin.dll
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\WpfAppBar.dll
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.xml
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Controls.xml
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.xml
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.xml
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.xml
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.xml
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\AForge.Vision.xml
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\ANOTACOES\frmAdcAnot.baml
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\ANOTACOES\frmAlterarAnot.baml
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\DOCAS\AddDocas.baml
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\DOCAS\frmAlterarDoca.baml
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Funcionarios\frmAdcFunc.baml
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Login.baml
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\LOJAS\frmAddLojas.baml
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\SETORES\frmAddSetor.baml
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\VEICULOS\frmAddVeiculo.baml
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\ANOTACOES\frmAdcAnot.g.cs
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\ANOTACOES\frmAlterarAnot.g.cs
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\DOCAS\AddDocas.g.cs
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\DOCAS\frmAlterarDoca.g.cs
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Funcionarios\frmAdcFunc.g.cs
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Login.g.cs
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\LOJAS\frmAddLojas.g.cs
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\SETORES\frmAddSetor.g.cs
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\VEICULOS\frmAddVeiculo.g.cs
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.g.resources
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.frmEditAnot.resources
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.frmEditarAnot.resources
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.DOCAS.frmConfigurarDoca.resources
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.DOCAS.frmVerDocas.resources
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.Funcionarios.frmConfigurarFuncionario.resources
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.frmFuncionarios.resources
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.LOJAS.frmConfigurarLoja.resources
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.LOJAS.frmVerLojas.resources
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.SEGURANCA.Cameras.resources
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.SETORES.frmConfigurarSetor.resources
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.SETORES.frmVerSetores.resources
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.VEICULOS.frmConfigurarVeiculo.resources
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.VEICULOS.frmVerVeiculos.resources
C:\Users\1ainfo.BASILIDES.000\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Tcc.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\ANOTACOES\frmAlterarAnot.baml
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\DOCAS\frmAlterarDoca.baml
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\ANOTACOES\frmAlterarAnot.g.cs
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\DOCAS\frmAlterarDoca.g.cs
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Funcionarios\frmAlterarFunc.baml
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Funcionarios\frmAlterarFunc.g.cs
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Funcionarios\frmAlterarFunc.baml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\Funcionarios\frmAlterarFunc.g.cs
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\LOJAS\frmAlterarLoja.baml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\LOJAS\frmAlterarLoja.g.cs
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\LOJAS\frmAddLoja.baml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\LOJAS\frmAddLoja.g.cs
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\VEICULOS\frmAlterarVeiculos.baml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\VEICULOS\frmAlterarVeiculos.g.cs
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\SETORES\frmAlterar1.baml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\SETORES\frmAlterar1.g.cs
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\frmAddUser.baml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\frmAddUser.g.cs
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\frmAddUser.baml
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\LOJAS\frmAddLoja.baml
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\LOJAS\frmAlterarLoja.baml
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\SETORES\frmAlterar1.baml
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\VEICULOS\frmAlterarVeiculos.baml
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\frmAddUser.g.cs
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\LOJAS\frmAddLoja.g.cs
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\LOJAS\frmAlterarLoja.g.cs
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\SETORES\frmAlterar1.g.cs
C:\Users\3ainfo\Desktop\Tcc\Tcc\obj\Debug\VEICULOS\frmAlterarVeiculos.g.cs
